Updating 'report issues' page with the link to report helpdesk issues (#6743)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/participate/report-issue.adoc

Other types (_Patch_, _Task_) are not used in JIRA.
Neither will be explained here.
If you want to propose a patch, create an issue using one of the 3 types above, and then create a pull request on GitHub link:https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request[as explained here].

> . Report issues link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/[here] that are not related to core Jenkins, its plugins, or security. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Report issues with infrastructure hosted by the Jenkins project (jenkins.io, issues.jenkins.io, etc.) link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/[here].
```
Thoughts? Core, plugins and security feels pretty widespread to me 🤔

Reviewer 2: Agree.

I would also replace "here" by "the dedicated help desk" or something like that, more descriptive.

Author: Sure @lemeurherve @NotMyFault
I have made the above changes!

> . Report issues with infrastructure hosted by the Jenkins project (jenkins.io, issues.jenkins.io, etc.) at link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/[the dedicated help desk].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Report issues with infrastructure services hosted by the Jenkins project (jenkins.io, accounts.jenkins.io, etc.) at link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/helpdesk/issues/[the dedicated help desk].
```

Removing the dot at the beginning, adding "services" so it makes more sense, replace issues.jenkins.io (which is not managed by the infrastructure team) by accounts.jenkins.io as more sensible example.

Author: Oh I guess I missed these few changes. Thanks for the correction! 
If it looks good, Should I close the PR?

Reviewer 2: @whynesspower no need to close your PR, you can click on "commit suggestion", I'll review again your PR after that 🙂
